README.md, before:

# maquiaBot
Discord bot that does a bunch of osu! stuff PROPERLY (sooner or later)

[![buddy pipeline](https://app.buddy.works/nyquillppysh/maquiabot/pipelines/pipeline/300684/badge.svg?token=82ffef6998b4d03ae05429bee692027ed1bf6c628ea54cbf1838ecd5e8b3a7a4 "buddy pipeline")](https://app.buddy.works/nyquillppysh/maquiabot/pipelines/pipeline/300684)

## Installation
 1. [Install golang](https://golang.org/doc/install) and [Tesseract](https://github.com/UB-Mannheim/tesseract/wiki). Ideally you have Go version 1.13 or newer. 
 2. Clone the repository using `git clone https://github.com/VINXIS/maquiaBot.git` to wherever you want.
 3. Go to the folder and open a console. Install the dependencies with `go get`.
 4. Go to the config folder and duplicate `config.example.json`. Name the duplicate `config.json` and fill in the twitter API credentials, and discord information
	 1. You can obtain twitter API credentials [here](https://developer.twitter.com/en/docs).
	 2. For the discord information. You add the discord bot token which is obtained from creating a discord bot [here](https://discordapp.com/developers/applications). Put the username as anything you want, preferably your bot's username, and put the avatar field to some image link, preferably the same image as your discord bot's.
Duplicate `config.example.json` in the config folder and call it `config.json` fill in all the slots.
 5. Invite the bot to your server by replacing `PUT_CLIENT_ID_HERE` in the URL below with the discord application's client ID obtained here [here](https://discordapp.com/developers/applications). https://discordapp.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client_id=PUT_CLIENT_ID_HERE&permissions=536870912&scope=bot.
7. Run the program by running `go build -o bot core.go` and then `./bot` in your instance / computer.

Inspiration from [owo](https://github.com/AznStevy/owo) and [BoatBot](https://github.com/0xg0ldpk3rx0/SupportBot)

Commit message:

make sure mfs turn the privileged gateway intent on

README.md, after:

# maquiaBot
Discord bot that does a bunch of osu! stuff PROPERLY (sooner or later)

[![buddy pipeline](https://app.buddy.works/nyquillppysh/maquiabot/pipelines/pipeline/300684/badge.svg?token=82ffef6998b4d03ae05429bee692027ed1bf6c628ea54cbf1838ecd5e8b3a7a4 "buddy pipeline")](https://app.buddy.works/nyquillppysh/maquiabot/pipelines/pipeline/300684)

## Installation
 1. [Install golang](https://golang.org/doc/install) and [Tesseract](https://github.com/UB-Mannheim/tesseract/wiki). Ideally you have Go version 1.13 or newer. 
 2. Clone the repository using `git clone https://github.com/VINXIS/maquiaBot.git` to wherever you want.
 3. Go to the folder and open a console. Install the dependencies with `go get`.
 4. Go to the config folder and duplicate `config.example.json`. Name the duplicate `config.json` and fill in the twitter API credentials, and discord information
	 1. You can obtain twitter API credentials [here](https://developer.twitter.com/en/docs).
	 2. For the discord information. You add the discord bot token which is obtained from creating a discord bot [here](https://discordapp.com/developers/applications). Put the username as anything you want, preferably your bot's username, and put the avatar field to some image link, preferably the same image as your discord bot's.
	 3. Make sure the `Server Members` privileged gateway intent is turned on. You access it in the Bot tab in the discord application page.
Duplicate `config.example.json` in the config folder and call it `config.json` fill in all the slots.
 5. Invite the bot to your server by replacing `PUT_CLIENT_ID_HERE` in the URL below with the discord application's client ID obtained here [here](https://discordapp.com/developers/applications). https://discordapp.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client_id=PUT_CLIENT_ID_HERE&permissions=536870912&scope=bot.
7. Run the program by running `go build -o bot core.go` and then `./bot` in your instance / computer.

Inspiration from [owo](https://github.com/AznStevy/owo) and [BoatBot](https://github.com/0xg0ldpk3rx0/SupportBot)
